Submission Information
----------------------

Please submit abstracts about recent work that provides original or significant
contributions relevant to the topics of interest to the nuclear community. The first
author on all submissions must be a student. Paper selection for podium presentations
will be judged on the following criteria:
(1) originality, (2) significance, and (3) relevance.

Abstracts should be 2-3 pages. For best papers track, it is encouraged that abstracts
be 3-5 pages. Please limit titles to a maximum of 3 lines.
The authors are required to use templates found on the technical program website 
provided below. Submission will be made electronically through the conference
website. Only Portable Document Format (*.pdf) submission will be accepted.

There will be a limited number of presentations, so while some abstracts may not be
accepted for podium presentations, they may be accepted for a poster presentation.
You may indicate your preference of podium presentation or poster during the submission
process. The same abstract format should be used for poster presentation preference.
Please visit the conference website for more information.

Technical Tracks
----------------

Accelerator Applications
Aerospace Nuclear Science & Technology
Biology and Medicine
Decommissioning, Decontamination, & Reutilization
Education, Training, & Workforce
Environmental Sciences
Fuel Cycle & Waste Management
Fusion Energy & Plasmas
Human Factors, Instrumentation & Controls
Isotopes and Radiation
Materials Science & Technology
Mathematics & Computation
Nonproliferation & Nuclear Safeguards
Nuclear Criticality Safety
Nuclear Installations Safety
Operations & Power
Policy
Radiation Protection & Shielding
Reactor Physics
Robotics & Remote Systems
Special Session: Radiochemistry <----------- This is NEW
Thermal Hydraulic/Fluids

Other things to add/change:

--Change my title to Technical Program Chair only if it fits on one line

-- List technical program conference website under my name in the bottom right corner with HYPERLINKING!

-- Get a different logo for ANS MIT

-- Change submission deadline to Febraury 15th and acceptance to March 1st


